---
slug: blood-2020
title: Blood
year: 2020
headerImageUrl: /assets/placeholder/image14.jpg
carouselImages:
  - url: /assets/placeholder/image10.jpg
    caption: This is an image caption
  - url: /assets/placeholder/image12.jpg
    caption: This is a second image caption
  - url: /assets/placeholder/image11.jpg
    caption: This is a third image caption
  - url: /assets/placeholder/image6.jpg
    caption: This is a fourth image caption
---
<p>”Blood” was the first show created by Galleri Anti and the first exhibition I curated. The show was built on the young and naïve energy you have when first going into a new field with a need to prove yourself.</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">We had never made an exhibition before, and the entire project was in large parts made because we wanted show that we could. We were outsiders which worked in our favor, as we what we wanted to do was to bring art out of established art institutions and specific scenes.</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">We wanted to make it accessible, and a big part of that was to have the atmosphere of the exhibition event to be relaxed, fun and active. So, to enable that, an important component of the event was to have music playing as part of the show. Specifically, electronic dance music.</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">We brought together a collection of friends and friends of friends from near and far and worked backwards conceptually by having a venue and artists before having a concept of the exhibition. That came to be “Blood” as several of the artists had works and praxis connected to blood as either a materiality and/or a transformative force. Several of the artists not already working with the blood theme then worked from that idea and developed works specifically for the exhibition based on that.</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">It was a lot of trial and error, and really, how cliché it is to say, learning while doing. There was no one to teach us. In the end we had an exhibition, a line of people waiting to get in, and around 150-200 visitors in one night.</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">Our artists included:</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">Chiara Jason</p><p style="text-align: justify">Johan Bech Jespersen</p><p style="text-align: justify">Sophie Louise Pedersen</p><p style="text-align: justify">The Rasa</p><p style="text-align: justify">Pelin Kiliboz</p><p style="text-align: justify">Aliq</p><p style="text-align: justify">Jonas Risager Lindegaard</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">And music by:</p><p style="text-align: justify">DJ Floormelis</p><p style="text-align: justify">Matriark</p><p style="text-align: justify">My Gander</p><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align: justify">Blood took place at Basement in Copenhagen on the 3rd of December 2020</p>