---
slug: footprint-report
title: Creative Footprint Rapport - Københavns Kommune - VibeLab
year: 2024
headerImageUrl: /assets/Skærmbillede 2025-04-17 kl. 14.27.32.png
carouselImages:
  - url: /assets/placeholder/image15.jpg
    caption: Some caption
  - url: /assets/placeholder/image16.jpg
    caption: Some other caption
---
<p>Jeg var konsulent og lokal koordinator på rapporten "Creative Footprint" af konsulenthuset VibeLab for Københavns Kommune.</p><p>--</p><p><em>Over the period from July to September (2024), the Creative Footprint team will host a series of focus groups and in-depth interviews to better understand the prevailing issues, challenges, and opportunities for nightlife in the city. By inviting all of Copenhagen’s nightlife actors to participate and engage in discussion, the team will empower and amplify emerging and established voices alike. In tandem, the Creative Footprint team will produce a richly detailed spatial analysis of nightlife venues in the city against demographic and economic datasets, uncovering insights into how nightlife is embedded in Copenhagen’s urban fabric.</em></p><p><em>The research project will culminate with a report in early 2025, including a set of policy recommendations and best practices to support the city of Copenhagen and other actors and organisations including Advisory Board for Nightlife. in working with and supporting the city’s nightlife communities, and the broader </em><a href="https://sdgs.un.org/goals"><strong><em>UN’s Sustainable Development Goals</em></strong></a><em> (SDGs). Copenhagen is the latest city to be studied by the Creative Footprint team, joining Berlin, New York, Tokyo, Stockholm, Montréal, Sydney and Rotterdam.</em></p><p><em>VibeLab is a leading, purpose-driven consultancy agency in all things at night. Founded in 2018 by Amsterdam’s former Night Mayor Mirik Milan and Berlin Club Commission’s spokesperson Lutz Leichsenring, VibeLab is based between Amsterdam, Berlin, and Sydney. Our expertise and international network of over 3,000 cultural and creative industry professionals, scientists, and public officials in more than 100 cities on 6 continents help those seeking new paths to improve creative nighttime ecosystems. VibeLab is fast-acting, trendspotting, and strategizing with all parties involved in creative communities, private and public sectors. By facilitating the exchange of ideas and providing tried and tested tools, formats, and best practices, we amplify subcultures.</em></p>